When you hear the shrill beeps of your crystal’s alarm, you want nothing more than to ignore it and return to your pillow's sweet embrace. Unfortunately, you have work to be done. You drag yourself out of your comfortable bed with great effort. While carefully combing your nest of hair into submission, your mind wanders to the wonderful dream you had. You can only remember bits and pieces, consciousness stealing away the memories your subconscious dreamt of, but you faintly recall running through an idyllic field and exploring an equally idyllic forest. It’s all quickly fading away as the time for dreams has passed. You are in the waking world now. 

It’s the beginning of a brand new day. Time to go seize it.

You quickly get ready and find your way to your kitchen. You need fuel to get through this day. After all, this is the day you get out, right?

Wait what? Your hand stalls while pouring coffee and weirdly enough, so does the whole world. The window to your left shows the world frozen in time, trees mid-sway, a bird mid-flight, even the dust illuminated by the rays of sunlight have stopped moving. You drop your pot of coffee in shock. The moment it hits the ground, glass flying everywhere, the world begins again. 

What.

You take a few steps back in shock. A shock of terror hits you hard and fast, lingering without any loss in intensity. You rub your eyes - maybe you haven’t fully woken up? When your eyes readjust back to the light, you sigh a breath of relief. The coffee pot is back on the counter, your mug unfilled. A weird half-awake dream?

You don’t think about it too much, pouring your coffee without issue and getting toast from the toaster that you… don’t remember putting in. Huh. Okay. You sit on the counter, too lazy to pull out a chair, and take a bite out of your toast. The exact moment you take a bite, the world stutters. For a single breath, you were not in your modern kitchen overlooking your modest living room, you were in a fancy kitchen - a style that screams antiquity. The breath passes and you take another in your kitchen. The confusion and fear makes it harder for you to take another one without some effort.

What in the seven hells is happening right now? 

You rush to the sink to let it run. Water starts flowing and you cup your hand under the spout, hoping to shock yourself awake with the cold water, only for it to remain frustratingly dry. The water is passing through your hand as if it isn’t even there. The world flickers once again, your kitchen disappearing and reappearing in a breath. You look out of the windows and what greets you is a mess of confused images. Some panes show nothing but solid colors, bright and seering, some panes show glimpses of different scenes: a winter wonderland, a busy street, a calm forest. 

Your stomach drops so fast it hits terminal velocity. The realization hits you like a brick. You’re back. Back to where? You don’t remember, all you know with a cold terrifying certainty is that you’ve done this before. Too many times. A number pops into your head. [COUNTER]. You don’t want to know why your brain thought of that number. You’re almost scared to entertain the thought. You need to get out.

Your kitchen, the kitchen you realize you were never actually in, is beginning to fall apart. Patches of it fade into the ether and are replaced with parts of a kitchen that is both foreign and all too familiar to you. Tiled countertops fade into mahogany ones. Plastic cabinets into polished wood ones. You are not home, you haven’t been for a very very long time.

[COUNTER]

Days, years, attempts of escape? You don’t know, you don’t remember. It doesn't matter, you just need to get out.

The windows remain befuddled in their presentation, the outside world split into mixed matched fragments. The kitchen is ever shifting, almost confused in what it wants to be. The only constant is a door in the corner of the room. It calls you.

Do you wish to begin?

[CHOICES]
- [YES] Yes.

[ACTIONS]
- [YES] /LIVING ROOM