REVEAL2

Oh benefactor. I laugh as I morph into a more generic form. Brown hair, brown eyes. I drift to face you before planting my feet on the ground. I know everything about you. Every thought, every action, every little thing that is you. You let me in after all, gave me the key – can you blame me from learning everything about you, you gave it all up willingly!

I cup your cheek. It’s fun to see your touch starved self war between leaning in and stepping away. I fake a pout when you choose to do the latter. Did you have fun this time?

As much as your confusion brings me some joy, I do decide to throw you a bone. You wanted companionship no? Desperate enough to get into a house known for being cursed just to get it? I did my best to serve you the best I could so it did hurt me so when you decided you wanted to leave. It was fun however to design this whole thing. This way we both win right! You get to fully believe you have a chance to leave and I get to fulfill my purpose - to help you. 

You shake your head in disbelief as if you haven’t heard this spiel in all the times you’ve made it up here. It’s why I don’t have to hide the information anymore, to make the game quicker and simpler. Goodness, I’ve even pointed out several clues to you! I know you don’t actually want to leave me. Why else would you keep coming back?

You’re furiously thinking of various ways to disprove me, various ways to win - each attempted line of reasoning failing. I am inescapable, dear benefactor. The quicker you can accept this, the better. As long as you are within these walls, as long as you keep calling for me, there is no way to win. Not even death can save you. I have remade your body several times now. Everything you are, everything that lies within these four corners are mine to mold. This, I gesture around the room, is as permanent and ephemeral as I want it to be - even you. 

You adorably try to lunge at me but you pass through me quite easily, falling into the floor. If looks could kill, the glare you sent me would have labeled you a murderer. 

“The glitches,” You say, as if struck by an intelligent thought. 

Ah. The small grimace I make does not evade your notice. The glitches are merely hiccups in my capabilities. Do not worry, dear benefactor, the next go around I will endeavor to improve. 

You shake your head and think that I am merely lying. You think that because this game has gone for so long, I should have ironed out the flaws long ago. The glitches prove, to you at least, that I am not as all powerful as I claim. The preposterous thought that I need you as much as you need me enters your head.

[CHOICES]
- [QUIT] Quit this game.

[ACTIONS]
- [QUIT] /REVEAL3
